now this features a lot of fun to do
when it's called light tunes and it's
called that because we're going to use a
light box and that's a piece of
equipment that is a box with a light
knit I know that surprises you but
that's just what it is so put that down
right over here I'm going to show you a
sketch that I've drawn of a fella
driving down the street in his car going
very very quickly he's got a speed limit
sign there it says 55 and a big hunk of
bushes over here frankly I think he's
going faster than 55 but we'll use our
light box to see the rest of the story
now put our lights down turn this on and
put the picture on there and there it is
there's a policeman behind those bushes
and he says gotcha in a balloon now
let's create one together I'll put the
lights up
and this time we'll draw something a
little different have a fella on Safari
and I'll take this tape and tape this
down right there okay we're gonna have
him peeking out of the bushes and here's
his nose and we'll have him looking at
something and you'll see that in a
moment and here's his ear it's a side
view and here's his eyes and his eyes
were wide open because he is very happy
about what he's seeing and you'll see
that and here's his pith helmet that's
what people wear on so far as some hair
and a big smile okay now here's his neck
and here's his shirt and a little bit of
his body because he's kind of peeking
out of some tall grass and we'll draw
that like this and over here he's
looking at a gigantic egg
all right now for the sake of time I've
got one already finished for you I'll
show you that and it'll look like this
and he's looking at this gigantic egg
and he's got a thought balloon over his
head and he's thinking man what a fried
egg this would make so working from the
reverse side I'll get my light box out
again put that right down put the lights
down and working from the reverse side I
can see the drawing in Reverse and I
inside the egg we're going to draw
something it's not going to be a yolk
friends and eyebrows down the yolks on
him or the jokes on him here's a nostril
and we're going to have that's right a
baby dinosaur let's put some big teeth
let's see let's have his tongue out and
some more teeth on the bottom and his
body let's see first his arms and claws
and its stomach and his giant legs all
crammed up inside this egg and its tail
and let's see his other leg peeking out
alright now for the sake of time on the
lights back up I'll show you that one
well finished I'll color it in and here
it is the fella looking at the gigantic
egg and thinking of a fried egg and
we'll put it on the light box turn the
lights down and we'll see either a rest
of the story and he's looking at the egg
and the egg is looking at him thinking
lunch and there it is put the lights
back up now this is a great feature to
do and you can come up with tons of
possibilities and if you don't have
access to a light box that's okay you
can tape your drawings to a window just
do it the daytime and he'll stay tuned
for cartoon doodle tricks